---
layout: page
title: "toolbox"
date: 2020-11-11 15:39:23 -0000
categories: setup
---

<script type="text/javascript" src="http://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/mathjax.js?config=tex-ams-mml_htmlormml"></script>

**shiplog #0010 t+2120-11-11t07:40:12.102934**
Things seem fairly stable, but my workspace is a bit of a mess.  When I left the ship on the shuttle I grabbed everything I could then made out like a bat out of hell.  This also meant tossing a lot of good equipment into a pile.  It will make my work a lot more efficient if I can come up with a good way to organize.  In my shuttle, space is at a premium so keeping it compact and portable will be important.

### Initial Thoughts
The first thing I want to do is put together a list of what tools/equipment I'd like to put in there:
* soldering iron
* soldering iron cleaner
* solder
* helping hands
* wire strippers
* stranded wire
* dremel
* power strip
* wire snips
* xacto knife
* screwdriver kit
* hot glue gun
* power supply
* oscilloscope
* multimeter
* tweezers
* calipers
* electronics components (capacitors, resistors, ICs, etc.)

The basic idea I have is to requisition two drawers and put them together with some hinges and clasps.  I can then mount everything inside with velcro or more permanent attachements.  Optimally I'd like to be able to easily remove anything in there, but otherwise I'll set the toolbox on the table and work out of it as is.  I want things to be fairly secure though as I move it around.  I don't want anything falling out and rattling around during transport. The first things I'd like to install are the soldering tools as I use those most frequently.

### Soldering tools
I don't currently have a good soldering iron holder or set of tools so I'll need to design that.  I'll design and 3D print some items to hold the iron, brass wool, and solder. 